---
layout: post
title: A Night in Hong Kong
---

Our adventure began on a flight to Hong Kong. The information that Overwatch collected
from the scrapyard turned out to be incredibly useful: the codes to kill DEUS were implanted
in the mind of one Mr. A. DEUS had attempted to extract the codes from Mr. A's mind and
had seriously messed up the guy in the process, so Mr. A had spent the last lil bit with
some nice monks who had been working to reconstruct his brain. DEUS-led Renraku goons had
set up a rendezvous with the monks in Hong Kong to pick up Mr. A, hoping to use the
information he contained to free DEUS.

The team arrived in Hong Kong, and Clem was given a new SMG to replace the one that, oddly
enough, didn't make it through security. Overwatch called the team and let them know that
Mr. A was at a BTL joint in the city and that they had 20 minutes to get there before
Renraku goons showed up. Lacking the necessary licenses to drive in Hong Kong (not that
any of us believe that would have stopped them), the team hailed a taxi and were on their
way.

The taxi dropped the team off outside a seedy-looking BTL joint wedged between an apparently
non-descript building and a sketchy cyberware clinic. The team walked in, trying to look
like they definitely weren't out of place, and Clem told the woman at the front desk
(who introduced herself as Madame Kim) that they were there to meet Mr. A. After being led
to a back room by Madame Kim, the runners entered to find a square garden filled with
vibrant flowers and boasting a view of a clear blue sky above. Sensing the magic bleeding
out of everything around them, the team approached the center of the garden, where two
black-robed men were flanking a man sitting on a boulder and smiling absently at the sky.

Clem, expertly maintaining the facade that the team wasn't at all out of place, explained
to the black-robed men (who, it turned out, were the aforementioned monks) that they were
there to collect Mr. A. The monks replied that Mr. A was able to follow simple commands
but was very childlike. With Mr. A and the monks in tow, the runners left the garden and
headed back towards the front door of the building. The team reached the entryway and were
surprised to see the vice president of Renraku, Mr. H, and a few Red Samurai chilling
outside the door. Clem shooed his teammates back down the hallway the way they came until
Mr. H and the samurai had passed, then started the search for any kind of back door to
the building.  The samurai reached the Magic Garden Room to discover no Mr. A and no monks.
Wheeling around, they were just in time to spot our heroes sneaking stealthily by.

"Hey!"

Mr. H, who was pretty quick to give someone the benefit of the doubt for a bad guy, smiled
at the runners and explained that he was there to collect Mr. A. Clem told Mr. H that the
team would be taking Mr. A, and the monks, realizing that something was going down, both
grabbed Clem. As Clem was attempting to explain the extreme gravity of the situation to
the monks, a red samurai darted into the room and stared intently at Clem. "Guys, I'm not
doing this!" Clem called as he laid down his gun and dropped to his knees with his hands
in the air.

With Giant Scary Orc in a more manageable position, Mr. H apparently felt unthreatened
enough by Pary and Rhineholt to attempt some negotiations. Clem and Mr. H engaged in some
witty repartee, during which Clem brought up some of Mr. H's dead friends who had been
killed by the runners, and which culminated in Clem asking Mr. H out for a coffee date.

Completely disgusted by this display, Monk One pulled his best karate stance, and Monk
Two grabbed Mr. A and pulled him out of the way of the impending fight. Pary, who wasn't
responding to the pressure with her usual grace and charm, pulled her shotgun and blew
nice-sized holes in Mr. H and the samurai mage who had been controlling Clem, then turned
and ran back down the hallway.

Before they could follow the quick lil dwarf (who clearly has impulse control problems),
Clem and Rhineholt were shot down by the samurai. Pary bobbed and weaved through the BTL
booths, somehow managing to keep out of the way of the red samurai (thank goodness for
a patient and understanding GM), who were combing the halls looking for Mr. A.

Suddenly, an agonized scream reached Pary's ears, and the lights flickered and went out.
Overwatch buzzed in to let Pary know that the samurai were leaving the building.

The only (living) critter Pary encountered as she headed back to the entryway was a gray
and white cat who purred rather loudly...

Pary used her medkit to revive her friends, and the team found their way back to the Magic
Garden Room. Clem explained to the monks that they needed Mr. A to defeat DEUS and promised
that they would keep him safe. The monks agreed to let Mr. A go with the team but were
disinclined to help the team escape or fight DEUS.

At this point, Overwatch radioed in to tell the team that there was gunfire at the front
of the building and that an unknown third party was fighting the red samurai outside the
building. Clem wrenched open a magically-cloaked back door to find a grimy, trash-filled
hallway that connected the BTL parlor to the cyberware clinic next door. The team followed
the hallway into the clinic and ran through the hallways in search of another back door,
startling some nurses and interrupting a surgery in the process. Finding a window in an
icky break room with icky furniture but no back door, Clem shoved a table underneath the
window and grabbed one of the nurses. In a mad twist that none of us saw coming, Clem threw
the nurse through the window and into the alleyway beyond. Pary hopped up onto the table
and cleared out the rest of the broken glass with the barrel of her shotgun, then walked
through the window and out into the alley.

Clem and Rhineholt had just managed to get themselves and Mr. A through the window when
Overwatch radioed in again to let the team know that some of DEUS's banded were headed
their way. The team darted through the alley and into the waiting taxi. Clem tried to
bribe the driver to ignore local speed laws with apparently not enough money for the
driver, so Pary batted her eyelashes and offered the driver even more money. The driver
agreed to go 'fast fast', and a dramatic chase scene ensued with some awesome theme music
by our own Pary Moppins.

The team reached the plane safely and headed back home. Join us next week when our team
faces DEUS once and for all...
