---
layout: post
title: "The Scrapyard Part 2: Supremely Silent Security Scuffles"
---

Our adventure began where the last one left off: in the middle of a forsaken scrap yard.
Having taken a moment of silence for Ryzel, the team was prompted to continue on by the cry
of a barghest. From their position in cover, the team could see an open door in the nearest
building. Pary and Rhineholt did some super-sweet stealthy stuff and flanked the doorway,
while Clem scuttled to the corner of the building to hunt out an entry point into the next
building. Seeing nothing but a horrible-looking sweatshop inside the first building and no
obvious entry point to the next building, the team crept between the buildings in search of
a conveniently placed door.

At the end of the fancy building tunnel, our heroes came upon a lone security guard, having
a nice smoke break. Hearing the barghests gaining on them, Clem picked off the guard, and
the team darted around the corner to find their conveniently-placed door on the next side
of the building. They expertly navigated the building and dodged some security guards before
finding themselves at the top of some stairs with a door on either side. Always the picture
of class and grace, Clem kicked in the door on the right, startling a crazy cat lady and a
nerdy-looking guy. The shoulder cam squawked that the nerd was important just before Crazy
Cat hissed and inflicted Clem with agonizing pain. Pary and Clem shot Crazy Cat, startling
Nerd into running towards the other door. Rhineholt cast a binding spell on Nerd, allowing
Clem to catch up to him and grab him.

The mini-celebration that ensued was short-lived. A security guard, alerted somehow by the
supremely silent scuffle that had just taken place, burst through the door and shot Rhineholt
in the back. Pary turned around to fire back but was knocked down by a shot from a second
security guard. Security Guard 2, seeing Clem returning with Nerd, exclaimed "Drop the boss
or we kill your friend!" Clem tossed Nerd into a corner (Nobody puts Nerd in a corner), and
he and Pary managed to take out the security guards, although Nerd ended up with an axe in
his leg at some point.

Having dealt with the immediate threat, the team took a minute to talk through options and
patch each other up. (Never give Pary a needle, it's a _terrible_ idea.) Hearing noises from
below that strongly suggested some enemies in hot pursuit, they broke into the room next
door, hoping to patch Overwatch into the plant's control system.
