---
layout: post
title: I Promise We're Not Serial Kidnappers
---

Our adventure this week started at the Shadowrun equivalent of Willy Wonka’s chocolate
factory. We were greeted at the door by an oddly friendly (but non-speaking) robot, who
beckoned us into the depths of the factory. We followed without question (because what could
go wrong?), and tried to keep our grabby hands off the chocolate as we passed. The robot led
us to what appeared to be an apartment-sized vat of beautiful liquid chocolate but ended up
being (much to Pary’s disappointment) a cleverly disguised Overwatch base. We carried the
otaku child inside, and Rhineholt, Ryzel, and Pary stepped into a Faraday cage with [Rambo,
Rainbow, Rando… whatever the Overwatch guy’s name is] to question the otaku child.

Meanwhile, Clem waited outside and received a call from our _other_ Johnson (who, you’ll
remember, had us on retainer to blow up a building at a moment’s notice). The Other Johnson
had an address for Clem and told him to destroy the building immediately and give him a call
when it was finished. Clem interrupted the questioning of the child to let the party know
that it was time to boogie, but it soon became apparent that the building to be destroyed
was the converted chocolate factory that the team was standing in. Realizing that their
position had been compromised when the runners left a signal jammer in the van instead of
bringing it with the otaku child (whoops), the Overwatch team (which is mostly made of decker
children, it seems?) started packing up their stuff to move to a different base. Rhineholt
called Raul (the team’s favorite armored taxi driver) and asked him to pick up the explosives
given to the team by Other Johnson (I know he has a name, it’s just something weird). Raul
and Emily (his 15-year-old daughter) promised to be quick, so the team helped Overwatch pack
up and started to rig up a (not at all) fancy gas bomb. Just in case things went awry during
the demolitions bit, Ryzel used his biotech skills to heal up the party a bit. A creepy white
van pulled up a few blocks from the facility and parked, and then Raul and Emily came
screeching in to the rescue. Overwatch headed out, but not before asking the team to attempt
to kidnap Other Johnson.

The team had their hands on the C4…. and none of the required skills to use it. Ryzel, having
the highest intelligence, took a couple attempts at rigging up the C4, and was able to collapse
part of the roof with the second blast. (The white van, which we assume will be important
later, drove away when the explosions started.) Pary Moppins, with her mad grenade throwing
skills, tossed some grenades through the nearest window, but she got maybe a little bit
carried away. Amidst maniacal laughter, one of her tosses missed and collapsed a wall on her
and Ryzel. A bit more bruised than they could have been, the party piled into Raul’s taxi,
and Clem called the Other Johnson to arrange a meet up. (PS, Emily said Pary was her favorite,
even though Ryzel gave her a grenade.)

After stopping at the nearest Doc Wagon facility to get patched up, the team headed to the
rendezvous with Other Johnson. (Morris! That’s his name!) Raul dropped the team off outside
a kind of scary gated parking lot and left to pick up another fare. The team spotted a
limousine with an orc bodyguard leaning against it (subtle, amirite?) and decided that was
probably Morris. Clem leaned against the car next to the bodyguard in some sort of weird
orcish power play while the other three approached the partially rolled-down window. Ryzel
negotiated the transfer of funds, then requested more time to talk with Morris before he
drove away. Morris started to roll up his window, so Ryzel shoved his arm in to buy the team
more time. Orc Bodyguard was stopped from pulling his gun by Clem, who convinced him that
really they only wanted to talk. Pary (who apparently doesn’t think well under pressure)
blurted out that they could take Morris to the leader of Overwatch. Morris listened to the
team try to prove that Overwatch was real and that they could connect him to them, but
finally exclaimed that they were all mad, making such outlandish claims.

Orc Bodyguard started to draw his gun as the driver revved the engine, so Clem shot him right
in the chest before he could get a shot off. Hoping to stop the getaway before it started,
Pary and Clem shot out both tires on their side of the car. The driver tried to drive away
anyway, causing the car to careen wildly around the parking lot. Pary took aim at the
passenger in the front seat, who was leveling a pistol at the team. Ryzel, whose arm was
still in the window when the car took off, tried to open the door from the inside but was
thrown off during the aforementioned careening. Rhineholt reached into the car with magic
fingers and wrenched the wheel, bringing the car back towards the party. Pary shot the guy
in the front seat, but Clem finished him off before noticing Morris fleeing the car. The
party chased after Morris, forgetting that there was still a driver in the car. Clem tackled
Morris as Morris was trying to raise a pistol to his head, and Rhineholt cast a binding
spell to immobilize him. Hearing the scuff of a shoe (or something) behind the party, Clem
whirled around and shot the driver dead.

Having collected their target, the team hired a taxi to get back to the arcade where they
first met Overwatch. Unfortunately, a couple blocks from the arcade, Morris’s head exploded.
