---
layout: post
title: Should We Head Into The Crack?
---

Our adventure began with a phone call. Russ and Damian's buddy from the old days, Mark,
called up the guys to ask them to find the Amulet of Yolandir so that he could use it to
do some scrying to find out what happened to his wife and kids. He was pushing this once-
in-a-lifetime adventure off onto someone else because he had to do some prepwork before he
could use the amulet (because we all believe that... This Mark guy sounds kinda shady.)
He said he wasn't entirely sure where the amulet was but suggested that the guys wander up
into the mountains in a nearby state park and look for clues in a cave in the middle of a
cold, blustery winter.

On the way up to the mountains, the guys stopped at a ranger station to get hot drinks and
ask for information about the nearby trails. The rangers, clearly wiser than our friends
here, advised against going into the mountains due to incoming bad weather and warned that
they wouldn't come to rescue them if things went south. Not heeding the warnings of the
rangers, the guys continued on into the mountains, following the swings of the magic crystal
that Mark sent along. (Seriously, who lets these guys run around unsupervised? It's _winter_,
let's just wander on up into the mountains following this sketchy magic crystal because what
could go wrong?)

Two days later, much to everyone's surprise, the guys found themselves trapped on the
mountain, totally lost. The crystal was still swinging away, but the snow made it pretty
much impossible to see, and it turns out that it's kind of hard to travel during a blizzard.
Just as the guys were about to give up hope, the crystal pointed towards a scraggly rock
face just ahead of them. They moved closer to see rocks and trees jutting out from the
rock in all directions. Damian spotted a shadowy indentation in the rock about 20 feet up
the slope and pointed it out to his travelling buddy. Russ noticed a simple-looking path
up to the indentation and skipped right along, knocking a boulder down towards Damian and
falling into a snowbank. Dodging the boulder like a pro, Damian noticed that the snow
disturbed by Russ's ultra-graceful travels had revealed a crack leading into the face of
the cliff.

"Should we head into the crack?"

Damian, probably rolling his eyes at the phrasing of this question, Legolas-ed his way to
the crack in question, walking on top of the snow, and climbed up the wall without a
thought. Damian pulled Russ up with a rope, and the guys noticed that the crack led back
into the rocks. They entered the crack.

The path inside the crack was twisty and tight (I promise they're not instestines. Been
there, done that) and eventually led to a larger cavern that branched off in three directions.
Consulting the Magic Crystal That Is Definitely To Be Trusted, they followed the center
branch. As they progressed, they discovered a lovely acrid, chemical stench that stung
their eyes and noses. Around a bend up ahead, they could just see the reflections of a
flickering blue light. Just before the bend, Russ noticed a large lump on the ground that
looked oddly humanoid. Damian used his Super Heartbeat Sense to listen for a heartbeat and
did hear one - just not from the lump in front of them. Around the bend, he could make out
a slow but steady heartbeat accompanied by a smaller, faster heartbeat.

Russ, in search of the pretty blue light, inched around the corner to find the path narrowing
before it opened into a large cavern. The flickering light seemed to be coming from somewhere
in the large cavern. Meanwhile, Damian turned on his flashlight to inspect the humanoid lump

Damian turns on flashlight, body is covered in severe chemical burns that burned away clothing, skin, body parts. Wearing a cool-looking monk robe thing. All they can see is rocks and blue light up ahead.

See cavern ahead. In center of cavern, "gorgeous elf lady" floating in mid-air with blue light coming from her, spinning slowly with fuzzy raccoon on shoulder. Bodies in various states of decay around her, bodies look gnawed on, road flare in ground in front of her casting blue light around her. Crystal vibrates strongly in hand. Russ stealths around to right to sneak up and see what he can see. Elf is wearing jeans and a tshirt, long flowing hair. Crystal continually vibrates towards her. Damian crawls under fire pulls flare out from rock under Mackie. Blue flames are icy cold, reach back before they touch Damian. Pop sound as blue flames explode outwards, elf drops and lands next to Damian, standing upright. Eyes open to look at Damian, raccoon puffs up and snarls at Damian. Russ asks why she was encased in ice flame. "There was an incident," gestures to bodies on floor. "Looking for amulet, crystal is pointing at you. Do you have a special stone of some kind?" "No." "Yolandir left his amulet somewhere, we're trying to find it." "I've heard of it." "What have you heard about it?" "It's supposed to be an incredibly artifact from another world." "Our friend is from that world, he needs the amulet to check on his family. Can you help us?" Mackie hesitates, thinks about it, pets raccoon, "Sure." Russ looks around cave, lots of stalactites and stalagmites, crystalline structures, small cavern, no other exits. Russ walks closer to Mackie, crystal keeps pointing at her. "It seems like it likes you," Russ hands crystal to Mackie. Mackie sees crystal is not going to hurt her, was enchanted by powerful sorcerer. Crystal starts to burn hand, opens hand to drop it, light and flame flash onto back wall of cave, flaming portal opens in cave wall. Russ and Damian walk through, sticks head through portal to say it's all clear ahead. Mackie has fulfilled obligation to help, won't go. Guys can see Mackie back through portal, all hear chanting up ahead. Chanting sounds familiar, triggers memories of rotting cultists around her. Definitely not going now.

Guys continue down tunnel, normal looking flames flickering up ahead, cavern ahead, large stone altar circled by guys in long dark monk robes, chanting and doing magical ritual thing. Russ sees two doors, one leading to right and one to left. As cultists chant, black pillar of smoke swirls off altar and churns in air, indistinct forms flickering in smoke. Damian checks heartbeats to see what's around. Weakly feels racing hearts from group in front of him. Chanting is reaching crescendo, room is full of magic.

Russ hurries back to pop head through portal, tells Mackie there are guys up ahead chanting, could really use magic powers. Mackie asks why she would help, Russ says "You're standing in the middle of the cave doing nothing, let's have some fun." "That's what you think," but starts edging towards portal. "What's your name?" "Mackie. What's yours?" "Nice to meet you, I'm Russ Prime." Mackie reluctantly follows Russ down tunnel, feels surge of magic. Damian sees two terrifying figures materialize from smoke. Tall and skinny, have normal arms and legs but also four spiky arms in back. Eight cultists. Damian pulls out sniper rifle.

Wraiths turn to face runners, "eyes glittering with malice". Damian shoots through two cultists, who stagger and thump to ground. Shoots at smoke creature, bullet passes through smoke, can see trail through smoke. Creatures are lit up on astral plane, seriously corrupted. Russ shoots cultist, who slumps against altar and bleeds a lot. Shoots second cultist, goes down. Mackie armors. Baron summons forest spirit, looks like Treebeard in misty, shimmery form and also smaller. "Cute Treebeard". Cultist lifts arms and starts chanting, darkness surrounds runners. Damian and Mackie shrug off, Russ feels dark of soul. Russ shoots cultist, cultist is quite dead. Chanting stops and gloom lifts. Mackie agonizes spirit, wraiths fly forward, one tries to stab Mackie (astrally), Mackie parries. Other attacks, Mackie punches it in the chest and it falls back a bit. Baron points to irate wraith, Forest Spirit wraps branches around wraith, squishing it badly. All three shrug off sense of doom and gloom.

Russ sprints towards altar and transforms right arm to have spur at elbow, vaults over altar, drops on top of guy and spurs in head. Guy is dead. Russ stands, transforms arm into sword, swings at next guy. Guy gets cut in half. Russ makes spur arm an arm, draws pistol, shoots other cultist, holsters pistol as guy falls to the ground. Damian walks towards door on right, hears click, and floor drops from underneath him, spikes underneath him, impaled on spikes. Mackie astrally projects and punches wraith in the chest, wraith staggers backwards. Irate Wraith struggles uselessly against Lil Treebeard. Russ walks over to hole in floor, pit is 8 ft deep, spike through Damian's thigh. "If you wanted spikes run through your legs, you didn't have to jump into a pit, I could have helped you with that." Lowers rope to Damian. Mackie punches wraith, wraith shrieks and starts to sink from sight. Damian uses rope to unspike himself. Russ lifts Damian from pit, medkits him. Mackie swings at wraith, wraith claws her horribly, Mackie is forced back into body, screaming in pain. Mackie claws back out of body, punches wraith, who disappeared. Treebeard also beat wraith. Banish Treebeard.

Russ goes to other door and sees traces of an outline in front of door. Door has ancient looking keyhole. Damian excitedly finds keys, Russ and Mackie rush over. Volvo key, house key, suspicious 3rd key… Russ makes arm into lockpick, picks lock past spike pit. Door opens, pile of rubble inside, can't see too far into cavern. Tries to reach across and pick other lock, takes a few tries but then faint click and door gives slightly. Pokes door open, brilliant torch flaming on wall, piles of rubble next to far wall, v's to left and right, sounds of movement. Mackie astrally perceives, something weird going on on back wall of current cavern but can't really tell what. Damian senses three people wreathed in flames down left hand of v marching towards group. Mackie recognizes as flame elementals embodied, group hides behind altar.

Lead flame elemental triggers trap, Russ shoots at elemental in doorway. Damages I think, gout of flame from elemental in doorway. Damian rips hole in elemental as bullet travels through. Trap Spirit gets to feet and stalks towards group, opens mouth, ball of fire forming in mouth. Mackie shoots at Trap Spirit, misses once, misses twice. Damaged elemental steps over pit, starts forming ball of plasma with hands. Baron summons Nature Spirit. Spirit Three enters room. Russ shoots at Fire Mouth, Fire Mouth slows down slightly. Damian shoots at plasma ball, bullet tears through ball, ball loses shape and flickers out of existence. Fire Mouth throws fire, all singed, Damian and Mackie thrown backwards with no eyebrows. Forest Spirit dives into Fire Mouth's mouth, Plasma starts reforming. Damian and Mackie hurt pretty bad, Russ makes arms into hooks, grabs Mackie and Damian, runs out of room. Group makes it back to room they started in, Russ patches up allies.

Return to room to see Lil Treebeard on fire, Mouth Guy looks injured. Banish Treebeard so flames will stop. Russ sprints into room, transforms arms into harpoon-type thing and shield, Mackie acid blasts plasma elemental, acid turns to steam and guy looks injured. Fire mouth swingsAn Orc in Bloodied Rags Dual-Wielding Laser SMGs Flying on Butterfly Wings fist of flame at Russ, fist glances off shield. Damian shoots undamaged elemental, but gun jams. Plasma elemental runs forward and engulfs Mackie in flames. Russ runs past plasma elemental and hooks leg to distract him, plasma elemental staggers backward. Mackie runs forward with vibro sword to hit Plasma but trips. Baron summons Treebeard, Treebeard sticks fingers in Plasma's gut, rips out three bottom ribs, Plasma disappears. Damian shoots third guy, guy disappears. Russ harpoons Fire Mouth, Fire Mouth is gone.

Group hurries down path that flame elementals came from, find chest, Russ picks lock, glowing amulet full of power. It's amazing. Half of amulet in chest. Go back to right door, fight off ice elementals, find other half of amulet, take amulet back to Mark, taking Mackie with them.
